So you take your mom to work every day? Bummer. Moms are such a pain in the ass, huh? It's, like, die already! I just haven't had sex in a month. You know, you've been here two months. It's hard to gauge time. Perhaps an attic shall I seek. Oh, COME ON!

These are my awards, Mother. From Army. The seal is for marksmanship, and the gorilla is for sand racing. She's not 'that Mexican', Mom. She's my Mexican. And she's Colombian or something. Dad would stage elaborate situations using a one-armed man to teach us lessons. Can you believe that the only reason the club is going under is because it's in a terrifying neighborhood? It's OUR nausea.

What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? And the soup of the day is bread. Heyyyy Uncle Father Oscar. I'm sure Egg is a great person. You can control your bladder when you're dead! ♪♪ Big yellow joint, big yellow joint, I'll meet you down at the big yellow joint. ♪♪

Stop licking my hand, you horse's ass. Friend of mine from college. He also has a boat tho not called the Seaward. Suddenly he's too much of a big-shot to brush mother's hair. Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something? Stack the chafing dishes outside by the mailbox. I'm on the job.

Boy, I sure feel like a Mary without a Peter and a Paul. Annyong. Okay, Lindsay, are you forgetting that I was a professional twice over - an analyst and a therapist. The world's first analrapist. Stop licking my hand, you horse's ass.

My brother wasn't optimistic it could be done, but I didn't take "wasn't optimistic it could be done" for an answer. I don't want no part of yo' tight-ass country club, ya freak bitch! Of course. The "Bob Loblaw Law Blog." Wow. You, sir, are a mouthful! Smack of ham. What is she doing at a beauty pageant? Is she running the lights or something? Heart attack never stopped old Big Bear. I didn't even know we were calling him Big Bear. We never had the chance to. If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. [earlier] I don't care for Gob. Fried cheese… with club sauce. Popcorn shrimp… with club sauce. Chicken fingers… with spicy club sauce. What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese?

What's gotten into you? Have you been eating cheese? Hahahahah! If I wanted something your thumb touched I'd eat the inside of your ear. GENE!! [screams] It looks like you've been looking for dragons… in the future. It's one banana Michael, what could it cost, ten dollars? In fact, it was a box of Oscar's legally obtained medical marijuana. Primo bud. Real sticky weed.

If you're suggesting I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all of my children equally. [earlier] I don't care for Gob. Each year, Oscar attempts the four hundred mile walk from Newport Beach to Berkeley, California. In the twelve years that he's attempted this, he's never made it farther than UC Irvine. Ann certainly has a great deal of Mass. Got a big ass room at the travelodge. What a fun, sexy time for you. Uncle Gob, was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Yeah, sure, dozens of times. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot… your wife is dead! Ah coodle doodle doo, ah coodle doodle doo.

I spent so much time making sweet love on my wife that it's hard to hear anything over the clatter of her breasts. A trick is something a whore does for money… or cocaine. Can't a guy call his mother pretty without it seeming strange? Amen. And how about that little piece of tail on her? Cute! Oh, COME ON! A sea of waiters and no one will take a drink order. Why are you squeezing me with your body?

Speaking of settling, How's Ann? Hey, if I can't find a horny immigrant by then, I don't deserve to stay. You stay on top of her, Buddy. Don't be afraid to ride her. Hard. In the mid '90s, Tobias formed a folk music band with Lindsay and Maebe which he called Dr. Funke's 100 Percent Natural Good Time Family Band Solution. The group was underwritten by the Natural Food Life Company, a division of Chem-Grow, an Allen Crayne acqusition, which was part of the Squimm Group. Their motto was simple: We keep you alive. There's a girl in my soup! Hey, it was one night of wild passion! And yet you didn't notice her body? I like to look in the mirror.